{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19480\viewh16060\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 VPN/CITRIX GPS AUTHENTICATION USER MANUAL - Outline\
\
I. Introduction and Setup - Getting Started This should be a basic introduction to the use of the system. It should describe the basic overview of the system and how it works. Below is a vague list of what should be included and described.\
\
II. First Use - Getting Started Part Deux This Section of the manual should indicate what the user should do upon first starting the software package after the initial installation.\
\
III. Connecting (This section can be renamed to something more apt and concise). This section of the manual is used to describe how the user is supposed to connect to the VPN using his physical location in reaction with the GPS protocol. Diagrams explaining how the user should position himself and his system in order to authenticate his location would likely be included here.\
\
IV. Troubleshooting For when everything goes completely wrong and you don\'92t know what to do.\
\
V. Appendices The user manual could require an appendix however it\'92s necessity isn\'92t to clear as of now. Any extraneous information that could benefit the user would be a great addition to place in the appendices, especially information that does not belong in any of the other sections.}